CSS - Cascading Style Sheet
It is used for appearance,styling and formatting.

SELECTORS IN CSS:
It is a way of selecting an elements.
           a{
            color : #02b3e4;
           }
           a= SELECTORS
           color= property
           #02b3e4= value

1.Simple Selector
       1.Element Selector           
       2.Class Selector- CSS is not limited to selecting elements by tag name.HTML elements can have more than just a tag name:they can also have attributes.
                         One commmon attribute is the class attibutre.It's also possible to selcet an elemnts by its class attributes.

                         To select an HTML element by its class using css,a period (.) must be prepended to the class's name.  
       3.ID Selector-  For situation where you need more specificity in styling ,you may also selcet elements for css using an id attribute.You 
                       can have different ids associated with a class (although a class is not required).

                       The id attribute can be added to an element ,along with the class attribute. On the CSS side ,the definition is made by using #to represent 
                       an id, the same way .is used for class.

2.Pseudo-class Selector- A css Pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s).
                         For example,: hover can be used to chnage a button's color when the user's pointer hover over it.

3.Multiple Selector-  What if we want to add some styles to all our headings? We don't want to have redundant rules, since that would eventually become a nightmare to maintain 
                      and is not scalable at all.

                       Instead, we can select multiple HTML elements in the same CSS rule by separating them with commas.

                       Copying and pasting code is usually a bad idea for web developers and multiple selectors can help reduce that kind of behavior quite a bit.


   HOW TO ADD STYLING TO HTML?
      1.Inline- we use the css in same line.
      2.Internal - we use style tag.
      3.External-When HTML and CSS code are in separate files,the files must be linked.Otherwise,the HTML file won't be able to locate the CSS code,and the styling
                 will not be applied.

                 You can use the <link> element to link HTML and CSS files together.The <link> elements must be placed within the head of the HTML file.          


SPECIFICITY(HIGHER TO LOWER )

Style Attribute > ID > Class > elements

BOX MODEL IN CSS:

1.The box model is the basic building block of CSS.
2.According to box model concept,every element on a page is a rectangular box and may have width,height,padding,borders and margins.  


COLORS in CSS
Colors in CSS can be specified by the following methods:
   1.Hexadecimal Colors- A hexadecimal color is specified with : #RRGGBB,where the RR(red),GG(green) and BB(blue) hexadecimal integers specify the 
                         companents of the color.All values must be between 00 and FF.
                         For example , the #ooooff value is renderd as blue, because the blue companent is set to its highest value (ff) and others are set to oo.

   2.RGB Colors- An RGB color value is specified with the rgb() function ,which has the following syntax: rgb(red,green,blue)
                 Each parameter (red,green and blue) defines the intensity of the color and can be an integr between o and 255 or a percentage value(from o% to 100%).

   3.Predefined/Cross-browseer color names-140 color names are predicted in the HTML and CSS color specification.
   4.RGBA Colors
   5.HSL Colors
   6.HSLA Colors


   